when life is bitter
we'll talk a little bit about
bitterness today
and of course solutions to give for
overcome bitterness to overcome
bitterness is to remove it especially from
our life the text I thought
for you especially and Psalm 37
it says do not inherit against
bad guys and do not envy those who do
badly confides thouars the eternal and practical
the good and the country for abode and the
fidelity for food makes the internet
and lices and he will give you what your
heart desires recommend your fate to
the eternal but in him you trust and
he will act it will make appear injustice
like light and have right like the
sun at noon silences in front
the eternal hope in him does not inherit
against whoever succeeds in these voices
against the man who overcomes these
bad designs let anger
give up the fury does not go away because in
effect the bitterness can scream of
irritation of understanding and can
block us from our situation because we
wonders why it does not work
why others have success is
not me why life does not smile at me
why do I always stay
in the same problems the story
next one illustrates a little bit of all this
and most importantly she gives us keys to
solutions the divine solutions and
supernatural solutions within the reach of
each from the text of 1 samuel
chapter 1 is the story of failure to
the sea ​​of ​​the prophet samuel before
become the mother of samuel
she was married to a man who had
already another wife and she lived in
because of this a complicated situation
which caused him bitterness because
the other wife had kids but
anne was sterile
this sterility but posed a lot of
problems of course we can understand
but to her allowed some by that
but to the bitterness of coming into a corner
from his heart
gnawed weigh down his life and saddened
distressed his soul
the Bible tells us that l is and godly
that she feared God and that she is
part pray
prayer is always the right solution
and we are told this interesting text at
chapter 1 verse 10 bitterness in
the soul she took to the eternal and wept
a lot of bitterness in the soul one can
pray
even with bitterness in the soul itself
being filled with bad things one can
still pray and shout especially to god who
us as we that it comprises
we do not need to tell him lord
do you understand what I want
say
because he always understands us there is
today where you are
there was secret place where you are
guests where I am invited to go and
to immerse myself in his presence to me
return in his presence to release my
heart of everything that weighs me of everything
who charges me with everything that upsets me
because I need to let go in front
god who understands me because even tears
are counted the psalm 59
yes 50 by which 56 for 9 tells us that
god counts the tears in his off and
he is inscribed in his book he is good
to cry before God is liberating
anne did not receive right away
answer she came a long time in the
presence of god before receiving the
answer and come year after year
the solution did not arrive the child
did not arrive she prayed long
with patience and perseverance
she prayed in faith and in the tent
that something is happening this time
of expectations is always difficult to
believe that god heard us while
waiting for his answer but the day
will come where the answer comes and in
waiting is the heart of haan who is
touched and his look will change that's what
that I would like to point out because
it's the job that the lord
would like to do
may God reoperate in us in everyone
of us is to give us his look
on the situation
bitterness and suffering can we
center sunu even where we can see only
his suffering and one feels victim is
treated unfairly meehan will receive
god god's look will tell him anne
you suffer message that my people
suffer anne kill this terrible message
that my people are sterile annie you have
need a graphic and my people has
need a son needs a prophet
of a god man knows why anne is going
pray seniors if you give me a child
I would devote it to the service of
God
his gaze changed during the time of
prayer she will rise up at a given moment
encouraged by the man of god and lee who
was there that he had looked at who did not
been only praying for her but he's going
give him a word that is the
next goes in peace and that the god
of israel gives you what you have him
asked this word will find echo in
she's going to receive this peace that
comes on her she gets up from
charges and the Bible even says that his
face was no longer the same his face was
changed she will get up
encouraged by her husband returns to the
home and the child will arrive the child
so will become this famous prophet samuel
the solution for bitterness the solution
to defeat to eradicate bitterness
it is prayer persevering prayer
knowing that the heavenly father we
welcomes
God bless you take example on
ain and you will see
something is going to happen I believe him
for you